in this unit we will do the review
on the importance of social functions
the possible perspectives schools before
to start our conversation
we must revise some conceptions and
meanings that should lead to
education of the subjects for a
truly citizen
first of all, we must review the concept
of citizen
second citizen brand is the one who learns
making yourself to do if a
creator of the social world in which
when you think in today's school in
we realize the innumerable demands that
will emerge from the 20th century
the world changed society changed the
people changed the social issues are
other so the school in the present day
She needs to be another she needs to be
seen differently
We need to change our vision, we need
reflect on the social function of the school
it is not enough just the training
of the student, but the formation of the
citizen to deepen our
knowledge of these issues
I suggest reading the book on education
in the brandão citizen school where
approach of the subject to learn or
we must understand that this student
is the subject is a citizen subject to
deepening our knowledge
I suggest doing the readings from the
teaching material
highlighting the importance of this function
social importance of the school
facing this student while the student who
thinks a student who feels one by one who sees
a student who is the citizen and now let's
talk about the different functions of the school
the first function of the school is to educate
formally the new generations where it must
be to propose a civilized formation
for the interactive interaction between
vest actors
I live the means of creating various knowledges
with meanings and knowledge that
can be shared by all
the second social function of the school
add the first one that should be the one of
dialogue between all stakeholders and
components of the school universe students
teachers managers employees and parents
always remembering how much the community
can help to qualify and
validate the objectives and projects of
school
the third social function of the
school that is to articulate an education
broader vision of training for the
life for the exercise of citizenship and
humanization by disrupting education
which has been offered with a view
only for the development of
scientific knowledge or preparation
for the entrance exam
the fourth function of the school institution
nowadays is to establish partnerships
with families once the children
young people remain under
school responsibility
most of the days, weeks and years of
Your lives
the fifth and final function must be that of
promote citizen education against
social inequality and for inclusion and
multiculturalism
I hope you have enjoyed this
review where we discussed we talked
about the importance of school as a
social space space that favor the
different knowledge and especially the
this student who is a student
citizen
Thank you and see you next time